# pgloader tests

In the `parser` directory are tests for the parser only, in the current
directory are tests that can be run to import data.

# Licenses

## Chinook Database

Copyright (c) 2008-2017 Luis Rocha

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## 2013_Gaz_113CDs_national

All U.S. Census Bureau materials, regardless of the media, are entirely in the
public domain. There are no user fees, site licenses, or any special agreements
etc for the public or private use, and or reuse of any census title. As tax
funded product, it's all in the public record.

## reg2013.dbf

https://www.insee.fr/fr/information/2008466

Les publications et données mises à disposition sur le présent site sont
consultables et téléchargeables gratuitement. Sauf spécification contraire,
elles peuvent être réutilisées, y compris à des fins commerciales, sans licence
et sans versement de redevances autres que celles collectées par les sociétés
de perception et de répartition des droits d'auteur régies par le titre II du
livre III du code de la propriété intellectuelle. La réutilisation est
toutefois subordonnée au respect de l'intégrité de l'information et des données
et à la mention précise des sources.

## Sakila Sample Database

The contents of the sakila-schema.sql and sakila-data.sql files are licensed
under the New BSD license.

Information on the New BSD license can be found at
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php and
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_License.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
